OSDOCS-3030: Added AWS Marketplace install content (#48413)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-marketplace-subscribe.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-customizations.adoc

> // * installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-user-infra.adoc

Reviewer: Looks like it's missing in GovCloud section: http://file.rdu.redhat.com/mpytlak/osdocs-3030/installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-government-region.html

Author: Thank you. Nice catch. Added to GovCloud topic.

.Prerequisites

* You have an AWS account to purchase the offer. This account does not have to be the same account that is used to install the cluster.

.Procedure

. Complete the {product-title} subscription from the link:https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/fulfillment?productId=59ead7de-2540-4653-a8b0-fa7926d5c845[AWS Marketplace].
ifdef::ipi[]
. Record the AMI id for your specific region. As part of the installation process, you must update the `install-config.yaml` file with this value before deploying the cluster.
endif::ipi[]
ifdef::upi[]
. Record the AMI id for your specific region. If you use the CloudFormation template to deploy your worker nodes, you can update the `worker0.type.properties.ImageID` parameter with this value.
endif::upi[]

ifdef::ipi[]
.Sample `install-config.yaml` file with AWS Marketplace worker nodes

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
baseDomain: example.com
compute:
- hyperthreading: Enabled
    name: worker
    platform:
      aws:
        amiID: ami-06c4d345f7c207239 <1>
        type: m5.4xlarge
    replicas: 3
  metadata:

>     name: test-cluster

Reviewer: Is it something wrong with the formatter? It should be 

```
compute:
- hyperthreading: Enabled
  name: worker
  platform:
    aws:
      amiID: ami-06c4d345f7c207239 <1>
      type: m5.4xlarge
  replicas: 3
metadata:
  name: test-cluster
```

Author: Bad copy/paste on my part. Fixed.

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-customizations.adoc
// * installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-government-region.adoc
// * installing/installing_aws/installing-aws-user-infra.adoc

ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-aws-customizations"]
:ipi:
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-aws-government-region"]
:ipi:
endif::[]
ifeval::["{context}" == "installing-aws-user-infra"]
:upi:
endif::[]

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="installation-aws-marketplace-subscribe_{context}"]
= Obtaining an AWS Marketplace image

> If you are deploying an {product-title} cluster using an AWS Marketplace image, you must first subscribe through AWS. Subscribing to the offer provides you with the AMI id that the installation program uses to deploy worker nodes.

Author: Done. Thank you.

.Prerequisites

* You have an AWS account to purchase the offer. This account does not have to be the same account that is used to install the cluster.

.Procedure

. Complete the {product-title} subscription from the link:https://aws.amazon.com/marketplace/fulfillment?productId=59ead7de-2540-4653-a8b0-fa7926d5c845[AWS Marketplace].
ifdef::ipi[]
. Record the AMI id for your specific region. As part of the installation process, you must update the `install-config.yaml` file with this value before deploying the cluster.
endif::ipi[]
ifdef::upi[]

> . Record the AMI id for your specific region. If you use the CloudFormation template to deploy your worker nodes, you can update the `worker0.type.properties.ImageID` parameter with this value.

Reviewer 2: Just to verify, the other flavor of this is "you must" but this is "you can" - want to make sure that's as intended :)

Author: Not intended. Thank you. :)

endif::upi[]

ifdef::ipi[]
.Sample `install-config.yaml` file with AWS Marketplace worker nodes

[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: v1
baseDomain: example.com
compute:
- hyperthreading: Enabled
  name: worker
  platform:
    aws:
      amiID: ami-06c4d345f7c207239 <1>
      type: m5.4xlarge
  replicas: 3
metadata:
  name: test-cluster
platform:
  aws:
    region: us-east-2 <2>
sshKey: ssh-ed25519 AAAA...
pullSecret: '{"auths": ...}'
----
<1> The AMI id from your AWS Marketplace subscription.

> <2> Your AMI id is associated with a specific AWS region. When creating the installation configuration file, be sure to select the same AWS region that you specified when configuring your entitlement.

Reviewer 3: https://docs.engineering.redhat.com/display/CCSENABLE/Phrasal+verbs
```suggestion
<2> Your AMI id is associated with a specific AWS region. When creating the installation configuration file, ensure that you select the same AWS region that you specified when configuring your entitlement.
```

Author: Nice catch.
